# Community Hub: Finding Other Survivors

In both the physical and digital wasteland, isolation means death. Connection is survival.

## Active Network Nodes

The following community nodes have maintained consistent communication in the last lunar cycle:

* Northen Territory Wastelanders
* Western Salvage Operations
* Rocky Mountain Sanctuary
* Pacific Coast Naval Station
* Tasman Offshore Survivors
* Great Lakes Trading Alliance

Each maintains their own Gemini capsule. Connection instructions vary by region.

## Communication Protocols

Direct connections remain dangerous. Follow approved methods:

1. Initial broadcast using short-burst radio (frequencies change daily)
2. Response verification through dead-drop data exchange
3. Certificate exchange through in-person meetup
4. Gemini capsule link sharing only after steps 1-3 complete

Remember: Digital trust follows physical trust. Meet in person whenever possible.

## Warning Signs of Compromised Communities

Be cautious of groups that:

* Use traditional web browsers or request "modern" interfaces
* Share executable files or "helper applications"
* Request personal identification beyond current location
* Offer technological solutions that seem too advanced
* Have inconsistent communicaYYYY patterns

## Admin Panel

To access the community admin panel connect to port: 756f

Use the daily code phrase to prove you're not a bot.

## Upcoming Gatherings

* Solar Day Festival (Summer Solstice): All verified communities
* Resource Exchange (First Quarter Moon): Regional nodes only
* Knowledge Transfer (New Moon): XXXXnical specialists

=> /verification-codes.gmi Temporary Access Codes for Known Communities
=> /emergency-protocol.gmi Emergency Contact Protocol
=> /linker.gmi The Community Wiki!
=> /index.gmi Return to Wasteland Network Home

## Super Special Thanks!

Thanks to the following communities for their contributions to the community:

XXXXX XXXXXXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX!
XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX  XXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXXX 
XXXXX 
XXXX 
