# Welcome to the Wasteland Network

The year is 2831. It's been XXXX years since The Collapse. The old web is dead - corrupted by the HTTPS viral cascade that turned our connected world into a weapon against us.

But we survive. We adapt. We rebuild.

This simple Gemini capsule is one node in the new network we're building - free from the complexity that doomed the old internet. No JavaScript. No cookies. No tracking. Just pure, clean information exchange.

Some pages are struggling with corruption as we take further attacks.

## Navigation

=> /survival.gmi Survival Basics: First Steps in the New World
=> /salvaging.gmi Tech Salvaging: Safe Computing After the Fall
=> /community-hub.gmi Community Hub: Finding Other Survivors
=> /about-us.gmi About the Wasteland Network

## Daily Advisory

⚠️ ALERT: Increased bot activity reported in old HTTP sectors 44-48. Avoid all mainstream browser use in these digital quadrants.

⚠️ REMINDER: Always verify capsule certificates before sharing sensitive information. Trust no one who won't use Gemini protocol.

⚠️ WARNING: Protocol has sustainnnnnned damages. Corruption detected within [------]. ProceeX with cauXXXn

## Message of the Day

DUCTF{g3mini_pr0t0col_s4ved_us}

"The old web was a mansion with a thousand unlocked doors. The new web is a bunker with one good lock." 
- Ada, Network Founder

Remember: Simple is safe. Complex is compromise.

## Update Log

* 2831-04-04: Added new communications relay points in sectors 7 and 9
* 2831-04-03: Updated survival maps for Western salvage zones
* 2831-04-01: Repaired node connection to Australian wasteland network
